Bridging versionless language (#5615)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/upgrade-dbt-version-in-cloud.md

## Environments

> Navigate to the settings page of an environment, then click **Edit**. Click the **dbt version** dropdown bar and make your selection. You can select a previous release of dbt Core or go versionless and [Keep on latest version](#keep-on-latest-version)(recommended). Be sure to save your changes before navigating away.

Reviewer: Just want to make sure they know they need to select something here
```suggestion
Navigate to the settings page of an environment, then click **Edit**. Click the **dbt version** dropdown bar and make your selection. You can select a previous release of dbt Core or go versionless by selecting [**Keep on latest version**](#keep-on-latest-version)(recommended). Be sure to save your changes before navigating away.
```

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/cloud-configuring-dbt-cloud/choosing-dbt-version/example-environment-settings.png" width="90%" title="Example environment settings in dbt Cloud"/>

### Keep on latest version

> By choosing to **Keep on latest version**, you will get a versionless experience and always get the latest features and early access to new functionality for your dbt project. dbt Labs will handle upgrades for you, as part of testing and redeploying the dbt Cloud SaaS application. Keep on latest version always includes the most recent version of dbt Core, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By choosing to **Keep on latest version**, you opt for a versionless experience that provides the latest features and early access to new functionality for your dbt project. dbt Labs will handle upgrades for you, as part of testing and redeploying the dbt Cloud SaaS application. Keep on latest version always includes the most recent version of dbt Core, and more.
```
